<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<body>

<h1>Typing of Characters on LCD Screen Interfaced with LPC2129 using IR Remote and Receiver</h1>

<h2>Introduction</h2>

<p>The project aims to explore the capabilities of interfacing an LPC2129 microcontroller with an IR remote and receiver to enable typing of characters on an LCD screen. By decoding the 32-bit NEC code generated by the IR remote, the microcontroller can interpret user inputs and display the corresponding characters on the LCD screen.</p>

<h2>Software and Hardware Used</h2>

  <h3>Software:</h3>
    <ul>
        <li>IDE: Keil MicroVision Software</li>
        <li>FlashMagic</li>
    </ul>

  <h3>Hardware:</h3>
    <ul>
        <li>LPC2129 development board</li>
        <li>IR remote and receiver pair</li>
    </ul>

<h2>Files in the Repository</h2>
    <ul>
        <li><strong>File 1:</strong> <code>main.c</code> - Contains the main source code for the project.</li>
        <li><strong>File 2:</strong> <code>lcd_fun.c</code> - Source code file for LCD functionality.</li>
        <li><strong>File 3:</strong> <code>lcd_header.h</code> - Header file for LCD functions and configurations.</li>
        <li><strong>File 4:</strong> <code>lpc21xx.h</code> - Header file with definitions specific to LPC2129 microcontroller
        </li>
    </ul>

<h2>How to Use</h2>
<ol>
    <li>Download all the files and save them in a single folder.</li>
    <li>Flash the compiled code to the LPC2129 development board using FlashMagic. Use the 'project_lpc2129.hex' file for flashing.</li>
    <li>Connect the IR receiver to the designated pin on the LPC2129 board.</li>
    <li>Power up the board and use the IR remote to start typing characters on the LCD screen.</li>
</ol>

<h2>Contributing</h2>
<p>We welcome contributions to this project. If you'd like to improve or extend the functionality, please feel free
        to fork this repository and submit a pull request.</p>
<h2>License</h2>

<p>This project is open-source and available under the MIT License.</p>

<h2>Author</h2>

<p>- Vishal Mesta</p>

</body>
</html>
